---
title: "[译]Effective Modern CMake"
date: 2021-03-10T09:04:35+08:00
draft: true
tags:
  - 翻译练习
  - CMake
---

> 原文地址: [Effective Modern CMake](https://gist.github.com/mbinna/c61dbb39bca0e4fb7d1f73b0d66a4fd1)
> 原文作者: mbinna

## Getting Started (开始)

## General (综述)

### Use at least CMake version 3.0.0. (至少使用 CMake 3.0.0 版本)

### Treat CMake code like production code. (把 CMake 代码当做生产代码)

### Define project properties globally. (全局定义项目属性)

### Forget the commands `add_compile_options`, `include_directories`, `link_directories`, `link_libraries` (忘掉 `add_compile_options`, `include_directories`, `link_directories`, `link_libraries` 这些命令)

### Get your hands off `CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS`. (不要碰 `CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS`)

### Don’t abuse usage requirements. (不要滥用 requirements)

## Modules (模块)

### Use modern find modules that declare exported targets.

### Use exported targets of external packages.

### Use a find module for third-party libraries that do not support clients to use CMake.

### Report it as a bug to third-party library authors if a library does not support clients to use CMake. If the library is an open-source project, consider sending a patch.

### Write a find module for third-party libraries that do not support clients to use CMake.

### Export your library's interface, if you are a library author.

## Projects

## Targets and Properties

## Functions and Macros

## Arguments

## Loops

## Packages

## Write a `CPackConfig.cmake` that includes the one generated by CMake.

## Cross Compiling

## Warnings and Errors

## Static Analysis

## For each header file, there must be an associated source file that `#include`s the header file at the top, even if that source file would otherwise be empty.

## Sources
